feat: auto-detect clusterendpoint for eks (#3363)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/upgrade-guide.md

> # Released Upgrade Notes

Reviewer: I think there's other mentions of `CLUSTER_ENDPOINT` that we can get rid of in the getting started guide that we can remove in the latest preview

Author: I just updated all the doc positions I found reasonable. I kept the printing of the CLUSTER_ENDPOINT during cluster creations, just to have a documentation how to receive it.

## Upgrading to v0.25.0+

> * Cluster Endpoint can now be automatically discovered. If you are using Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS), you can now omit the `clusterEndpoint` field in your configuration. In order to allow the resolving you have to a add the permission `eks:DescribeCluster` to your IAM role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Cluster Endpoint can now be automatically discovered. If you are using Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS), you can now omit the `clusterEndpoint` field in your configuration. In order to allow the resolving, you have to add the permission `eks:DescribeCluster` to the Karpenter Controller IAM role.
* ```
